well howdy there internet people it's
beau again
so we're doing a little middle of
november uh
hangout session just let me get this out
on twitter
if you're in the chat let me know you
can hear me
uh we got a bunch of
extra questions from twitter today
you can hear good good good good
audi to switzerland
walnut creek california nebraska awesome
all right let me get this shared and
we'll go from there
i'm sure there's a more effective way to
do this
des moines pennsylvania colorado
washington austin
brazilian
yeah our guys are pretty much the same
that's yeah
okay
all right i'm gonna pull this up on the
phone so i can
answer questions gainesville florida
how are things going down there
so football is paused again
fantastic
all right pensacola florida right up the
road
glasgow scotland i love all these
different places
different places voting third party i'm
gonna have a video about that soon
because
there was uh a lot of questions
a lot of questions there there's the
ability to vote strategically
wow y'all are hearing my phone all right
turn that down
vote straight line anti-r there you go
and see that's the thing is you can get
a
you you can get votes for your preferred
candidate which for most people watching
this is going to be biden
or you can get people to not vote for
his main opposition would which would be
trump and that still
widens the definition and the size
of the uh of the landslide that
everybody's kind of hoping for
uh how bad do you think things will get
i'm hoping not bad why do the lockers
look like they're melting
it's this is a paper this is a uh a
backdrop
i've used this in a couple and i had to
set it up again for uh
the long format stuff that we're doing
oh so we're really close to that we
actually
just wrapped up filming on the first
piece and i'm kind of taking
panama city florida also right down the
road cool
um kind of taking tonight easy
because i'll be going on the road soon
to head out to uh
to head out to um i don't want to tell
y'all that's going to be a surprise
i'm going to go on the road soon so i
want to take a little break
thank you brian nelson
isn't this hope against hope time
yeah kinda punk side thank you glad
you're here
somebody can uh moderate that because i
have no idea
how to do it really coming to vegas
eventually yes that's on our list of
places that we're going to go to but not
this time
terrified and frustrated here in
michigan yeah
i believe it i can definitely uh
i can definitely imagine it is tense
there
um palms my internet connection is
uh okay
well we may end up having to do this
later will your beard be mask
appropriate going out yeah we actually
went through
and uh set up all the logistics we will
go on the road
and i will have contact with absolutely
nobody all things going according to
plan
i'm hoping all of this is still coming
through i just got a little note saying
that we're having uh
connection difficulties so
that's fantastic it's normally uh
more jpeg though all content no
resolution
um
connection's fine all right and i'm back
kind of good
all right well hopefully that will help
can you name three good things each
candidate has achieved in
office uh no i do think that uh like i
said i've said before i think that trump
had the right approach when it came to
north korea
i just think that he was not the person
to do it thank you brandon dodson
um
bo has left the building
wow yeah we're definitely having
connection issues
but thank you robert v
have you seen the swiss cheese model
making the rounds
like diversity of tactics i haven't i
don't know
what you're talking about thank you
veganly
you look like it's cold yeah so
uh tonight is apparently girls night
out and it's at my house
so i don't know what's going on and
they've set the temperature
kind of down um a message for all of us
have courage and faith
we will get through this eventually tie
a knot and hang on for life
fact thank you war baby uh
thank you dave roland so if trump gets
beat
and does leave the us should we assist
interpol and deliver him to her
yeah if he leaves the u.s he has
warrants so i don't know that he's gonna
do that
it sounds great but he would have to
like he'd basically have to take a
private flight to russia and trust putin
not to hand him over
thank you stuart burnett hey bo here's a
plant on me
cheers from scotland if i ask anything
it'd probably be how are you feeling
about georgia and texas good about
georgia
i think that's possible um i'm i
i i just see texas flipping as being
really unlikely
um i mean it's theoretically looking at
the polls
it's within the realm of possibility
i'm just not putting a lot of faith in
that one but uh
i definitely believe that georgia is in
play
um
can you give your thoughts on current
discourse
about uh
about adult activities for pay
in a post-capitalistic society
okay so there's a lot of people who like
to frame that as something that only
occurs
in uh inc under capitalism that that's
just not
accurate it's been around forever under
every economic system we've ever had
i think we should focus more on
making sure that it isn't a an option of
last resort
making sure that if anybody's engaged in
it it's what they actually want to do
that would be ideal it's not something
that's going to go away prohibition
isn't going to stop it
i don't even think if all economic
considerations were taken care of that
that industry would go away
i don't there's always going to be a
market for that
always it doesn't matter the economic
system
uh thank you bit jam
what do i think about the guys in
michigan in the second amendment
um it's funny i actually had a
conversation with somebody about this
yesterday
and another very ardent second amendment
supporter that's kind of like
no at this point the people who actually
understand the second amendment aren't
the people with guns
and i've never seen a pro-gun group turn
so many people
away from guns in my entire life you
have actual second amendment
supporters being like you know what take
them just just do it
let's limit what's in circulation um
just out of spite is really what it
boils down to i don't think there was
a uh
a philosophical shift there at all
uh thank you
jurgen uh yeah i know thoughts line
i'm familiar with his work their work
sorry
um
yeah i think i've invited i think i'm
inviting come on the channel
i think uh thank you freckle you're an
inspiration bow
you save your voice gave me confidence
to start
a platform of my own that is awesome
thank you oh darn
congrats on making a thousand good
videos yeah that's what i would like
thank you rob
yeah let's see
here
actually broke your hammer the other day
it wasn't great in real life yeah
it's an analogy it's not always good in
every situation
um
a slime collaboration would be amazing
yeah i'd like to do that
um somebody mentioned doing
doing a uh being the correspondent in
the field for
uh cody over on some more news
i would do that too i think that would
be entertaining
all right thank you vidar
vadar hey bo girl from brittany
and i are listening to you in the
hospital hoping that
my first kid comes today any advice for
us
you need to go to sleep now
and because you're not gonna sleep for
like the next six years
um now you'll you'll figure it out
it's i mean yeah it's hard but it's not
it's not i don't say it's not as hard as
people say it is because it is but it's
a different kind of hard you you come to
enjoy it you will figure everything out
along the way if you are the least bit
concerned
and looking for advice you're going to
do fine
thank you deca dude how many times can
you violate principles for the sake of
being
pragmatic before you don't have any
principles anymore
i think that would be based on the
individual
and how committed they are to their
principles
um there are some people that i think
that if they violated
and they were pragmatic just once that
they would lose it all
and then there are some people who can
do it over and over again to extremes
and come back and still be trying to
move in that
in that uh in that direction
thank you your mom what do i think of
jimmy dore
don't know enough to have a solid
opinion to be honest um
thank you lauren russell pank keep on
doing what you're doing bo thank you
thank you
thank you evie thank you
thank you jd mcloose lucas thanks for
keeping a sane
question do you think that ohio is a
lost cause
being from pennsylvania the differences
are stark i don't know
at this point there are a couple of
states where it's literally all about
voter turnout
where the population seem to be pretty
closely close together
and it it can go either way just
depending on how many people show up
uh fighter i've got insomnia so i'm
prepared for that part
thanks for doing yeah yeah you'll be
fine
um just
remember it's a process you're not gonna
have everything right the first time
you're going to get
diapers that the kid won't like you're
going to you know
if you're going to use formula you'll
find formula they won't
drink there there's going to be setbacks
just
roll with it and enjoy it
uh thank you robert v swiss cheese each
intervention
cloth mask social distancing vaccine
there's a slice of cheese with holes in
it the virus can pass through together
heart yeah yeah i mean that's that's
yeah that's a good analogy
uh thank you james wesley much respect
gotta support the good guys my favorite
part
of my day is finding a new video yeah i
took today off
kind of i mean obviously not really
because i'm here but
i i didn't film anything last night
thank you caper thank you christopher
foley
thank you matt whaley welly
if given the opportunity to join a
presidential
cabinet would you take the opportunity
and what would it be
it would depend on what i was being
asked to do
there are certain things that i think
yeah i'd be okay at
and i wouldn't have a problem doing if
the policies that i wanted to do were
the policies that the president would
enact
um like if
the example if somebody was like hey we
need
an under secretary for dhs to
deal with shutting down the camps men to
continue running them i wouldn't
um it would depend on a whole lot of
factors
but i'm not opposed to giving advice
thank you skywalker thank you michelle
do i think that bradshaw actually has a
shot um
tennessee senate race i don't know
i mean it that yeah i mean there's
always a chance
i'm again that's one of those states
where there's the traditional way of
thinking and then there's the turnout
and if the increase in turnout
is because people are really upset with
trump
every state's in play really um because
turnout is high across the board
thank you elizabeth holt thank you josh
lynch
josh lynch rule 303 should batman take
out
joker i actually have a video coming up
about this
um so i'm i'm not going to answer this
but only because i
i have a video that i'm working on
talking about batman well not batman but
anyway it's coming uh i haven't done
anything that wasn't super serious in a
while and that was what i decided to go
with
uh thank you keith
do you believe that if biden wins there
will be
let's do a thing where it jumps around
again great
do you believe that if biden wins there
will be any progressive changes
that make difference or will be it
will be more like fascism light um
i think it'll roll back the worst
aspects of the trump administration
and that is off to choose between the
two
do i expect real progressive changes no
um not coming from the presidency
however he's less of a hindrance in
in getting them moved forward so i don't
think that we're going to see a lot of
original unique exciting progressive
ideas come from biden
but if they surfaced elsewhere i don't
think he would stand in the way
let's see the vigilante
it was a hit job carried out by
president
uh see i
i know what you're saying i heard it too
and yeah that's what it sounds like the
problem
is it's trump um i can't take anything
that he says at face value
even if it's something i i believe is
possible
um i don't know that they were out for
retribution at that point
it's it's possible it's not something i
would i would say is just not
an option but i can't
just base that on on
trump's statement i i don't i don't
think it would be fair to
disregard 90 of what he says because
he's a known liar
but then suddenly accept it at face
value simply because it's something i
agree with
thank you matt higgins are you at all
encouraged by the numbers of early votes
yes
yeah i am of course paul we know it's a
giant fraud scheme by trump
but assuming everything's going normally
yeah i am
uh high voter turnout is typically good
for progressive for the progressive side
um roaming gnome thank you
checking in from south florida with the
beard of knowledge
thank you your mom malcolm x talked
about the lesser
two evils in the 60s yeah
yeah um
but i would say you're not looking
to biden to win you're choosing your
opposition
you're choosing the person that you're
going to be working
to overcome and it seems like it would
be easier to overcome biden than trump
uh thank you joey been watching you for
a year love the stuff
thank you from new jersey
your thoughts on the cali gop and their
fake ballot boxes
um i have uh mixed emotions i i don't
have a problem with people assisting
getting the vote out
now the problem that i have with this is
that i don't know that they're going to
be doing it
fairly or securely it doesn't seem like
it
but in principle i don't have an issue
with what they're doing it's more the
way they're doing it
thank you taylor martin thank you monica
x patent amsterdam love this community
these internet people are the best and
you make it happen is there any way
we can stop acb anything
it seems unlikely if they're moving
forward with her
after she couldn't name the elements of
the first amendment
they're they're gonna confirm her no
matter what um
at which point i'll be honest the second
i saw that that didn't impact their
decision
making i no longer have an issue if they
decide to pack the court
and they start decide to expand it or
they decide to reduce it
and eliminate the least senior people
which would be my move
um thank you luke
thanks for your perspective it's been
very valuable
for me as a confused and concerned
observer from switzerland
yeah you know looking i can imagine
looking from the outside
into the u.s and comparing it to what
the u.s has typically been and seeing
this
is disheartening it certainly is from
the inside
thank you josh lynch thank you spike
love
we need other options on the ballot if
other ones we have no president for four
years
thank you tech fan what are your
thoughts on those official ballot boxes
i just answered that um in case you
didn't hear it i don't have a problem
with them
in principle but i don't like the way
they're being done
in and of themselves collecting votes
and helping people vote isn't a bad
thing helping people get their voice out
isn't a bad thing
however i don't necessarily trust the
way it's being done
50 shelfie thank you
thank you for educating me in a
no-nonsense way about politics i
seriously thought about writing your
name in on my ballot
you know one of my big fears is that
somebody's going to do that in some
tiny you know jurisdiction somewhere and
i'm going to end up
sheriff in some town i've never been to
thank you all set
thank you senator huey long
thank you first coast dot tv
thank you terry walsh
thank you rusty braids knowledge will
forever govern
ignorance and a people who mean to be
their own governors must arm themselves
with the power which knowledge gives
fact would you say the republican party
has ruined itself
and the respect it had yeah
yeah i think they made a huge mistake
and i think they made a bigger one by
not holding them accountable
um light customer
thank you for all you do how are you
today i'm doing great
honestly i'm having a very mellow day
thank you joshua brown
thank you e jacob france texas has been
blue before
yes it has uh
can they actually remove justices
congress actually has a lot more power
in this than um
than i think people know there's a lot
that can be done
to rebalance that after what's been
pulled now whether or not the democrats
have the
the desire to actually will the power
that
hopefully they'll have in a couple of
months that's an entirely different
entirely different question i don't i
don't have a lot of faith in their
ability to
[Music]
go as hard at the republicans and at
restoring things as as i would like them
to
uh thank you robert finney how do you
think trumpers will react on november
4th with a massive trump defeat
i have no clue um i do think there will
be some sporadic violence to be
completely honest
uh but i don't think there's gonna be a
lot but i don't know
i really there's so much there
why do you think it is that most of your
non-us viewers are from germany
because we have a lot of u.s military
bases there um
i think that has a lot to do with it
let's see thank you rotomy
thank you matt higgins it's so sad that
i have a better political mind than the
president's team
right maybe campaign management is in my
future
do it pick somebody from
pick somebody from the chat and run them
see what happens
uh thank you bose will lawsuits put
trump in jail after the presidency
not lawsuits but there are possible
criminal charges
that that could um he
he's he's got a lot on his plate after
he leaves
office thank you osomushi
good night from spain wish we had a you
here
thank you brandon thank you charles hey
bo
have you seen hbo's watchman or
lovecraft country
i'd never heard of 1921 prior to
watching it the tulsa 1921
um i actually haven't watched i watched
watchmen
um i have not seen lovecraft country
however
everybody keeps telling me to so i may
put that on my list
thank you lj
thank you david bean thank you super
catman
greetings from snowy montana
with covet spike here county officials
are issuing new regulations but one
county has refused to do anything
our congress attended a big concert just
venting
yeah i feel you i you know i'm here in
florida where our governor is walking
around giving high fives and then
rubbing his face
so i have no idea
it's it's it's out of control uh
thank you michael giza how do we find
good firearms training centers
i i would go hopefully try to find a
combat vet and learn from them
rather than at a school because there's
a lot of limitations that occur
when when you're talking about training
for real not just marksmanship
there's a lot of limitations that occur
with commercial training facilities
stuff you can't do because of liability
um
do i think that identity politics is a
dog whistle
not necessarily there are people who uh
who use it in in the exact opposite
manner
that people trying to dog whistle it
would be trying to signal
um it can be but i don't think it's a
universal one
thank you t williamson um
thank you star search reject
just saying hi thank you for being a
voice of reason jen from north florida
thank you professor do you think a new
victory garden movement will be
effective at unifying communities as
well as fight
climate change yes plant your yard yes
um it's something i've advocated for a
long time
actually separate from climate change
it's just something people need to do to
be sustainable not
even just even in an economic sense and
in a common sense way
aside from aside from all of the
environmental impacts
it that that's one of those things that
on pretty much every level um
why why won't you run for office i don't
even want to be
i don't even want to be president of a
homeowners association i
i don't i don't think i can run my or
run your life better than you
can thank you blagamuffin
thank you crystal cunningham hi beau
thank you for the information you
provide
are you concerned about disruptive poll
watchers this year
um maybe but i don't uh
i'm not sure because there's a there's
an upside to this in a weird way
i don't think that people are going to
take them too seriously
i don't think they're going to
intimidate many people
in many states doing what some of them
are talking about doing is a felony
which if you're talking about somebody
who's going to carry a gun around
to try to intimidate people from voting
um
maybe they shouldn't have a gun uh so i
i
i actually see the silver lining to
something that's going to be annoying
but not necessarily hugely detrimental
and it's going to have a positive
outcome
in in the end thank you rob roster
thank you randy mann i'm broke but have
a buck
thanks thank you phil watts
are you worried about what the trump
administration will do
between election and inauguration day
provided that happens
um yeah there's a lot of damage he can
do in a lame duck
i'm hoping that if the landslide is big
enough
the republican party won't just a seed
but i don't know what i'm basing that
hope on because they've pretty much done
whatever he wanted the entire time
thank you muffin hydro what are the
chances devs will scorch and salt the
earth
at the end um
i don't know i mean that honestly at
this point
after the last nominee that that would
be my attitude
i don't know that they have the
political will to do it i think they
could
they very well may end up with the power
to do it
but i don't know that they have the will
to go ahead and and actually act on it
uh thank you david garrick
thank you martel the faithful
does conservative screaming radical
progressive socialist whatever about
biden take any heat off of real
progressives
i don't know um yeah this is something
i've thought about a lot to be honest
like because they're so confused as to
what
a a progressive or radical or socialist
is
i don't know if it's helpful or or
harmful to be honest
thank you greg vetter uh
thank you anna anaba
what are your thoughts on releasing
prisoners early because of the public
health thing in my town a prisoner
released murdered a woman and killed a
pedestrian during a high-speed chase
does the minority not ruin it um
i think that we i i don't think there's
a blanket answer for that like
with anything with criminal justice um i
think
if possible people should be released
um if if there's an outbreak and
they're they're negative then yeah you
should get them out of there
um i don't
but there are some people that you you
can't do that with
not in our current system so there's
i don't think there's a one-size-fit
fits-all answer here and i think that's
the problem
that people are
people are trying to come up with
something easy rather than something
effective
thank you julie thank you mud dog
thank you tia maria why
are the republicans willing to sacrifice
their supporters since they discouraged
them from taking reasonable measures
um i
i have no clue this is one of the things
i've thought about like
every one of these rallies that they
have the people that go to him are
already gonna vote for him that's why
they're there
and odds are some of them won't make it
to election day because they went to the
rally
they're lowering their own voter turnout
i don't know why they're doing it i
don't understand it
um
as a canadian i hope things start to
settle down there
yeah me too and that honestly that's
what i feel like i'm living in right now
uh thank you liza thank you for your
lucidity during these times
thank you yeah i'm sure i butchered that
i apologize
if biden wins the popular vote and trump
exploits the federal and state
constitutions to the fullest who do you
think will win
i have a little bit of faith in
in in the electors in that playing out
the way it should
rather than the way it could um
and i don't know that it will be
i don't know that it will be effective
even if if he goes the route
thank you fredo question what do you
recommend
we do if we encounter poll watchers that
may be intimidating
voters first wear nondescript clothing
don't give them any reason to talk to
you don't wear something that clearly
identifies you as
a liberal or a leftist or a progressive
at all just
ignore them um if they talk to you smile
say ah yeah
you know play along with it walk past
move on um
because they are while i don't think
that most
are out to actually do anything other
than stand around and
live out their gi joe fantasies um
some of these guys are not
are not the type that should be armed in
public so
i i would exercise a lot of caution
what's your take on ranked choice voting
and how would you sway a conservative on
it
maine's doing it for the presidential
election and was the first state to
adopt it
um i'm in favor of it generally i think
it's a good idea
and um as far as swaying a conservative
on it
i i would frame it as if it could help
them because
realistically most of the people who are
against it haven't taken the time to
really look into it too much
because there's really not a downside to
it it's one of those things where you're
like
hey this actually helps better democracy
this helps better representation i don't
see why this would
you know be a bad thing to anybody
so i i would just kind of play on the
idea that it
might uh it might split the
the liberal vote go with that
if you're trying to reach a conservative
because that's probably where they're
going to look for it anyway
thank you lf
thank you mary
the whole world is interested in what's
happening in the us
not only germans from switzerland
thank you conversations from the french
hibo i finally watched
bowling for columbine and they brought
up the stark difference in
gun violence around the world compared
to the usa thoughts
um
i would suggest you also just look at
violence
um and look at those numbers you're
going to see that same thing
going on there um it's not just gun
violence the tire in the u.s
it's violence in general
thank you julie voted in kansas today
pray we turn blue 45 minutes in line
wow thank you latricia
thank you pierce what are your thoughts
on the american public's
lack of value in international relations
and how can we possibly make this more
valued
i think eventually people are going to
have to under
are going to have to uh kind of step up
their game on that
and understand that we are not an island
we're not alone
and that the united states
wow i'm sorry i've got some stuff going
on around me
um while the united states is a powerful
nation
it's powerful because of its alliances
because of the things
it's done on the international stage and
when we pulled back away from that is
when we became weak
you mkjo no need to thank me thank you
thank you sm greetings from idaho we're
trying to retire gop senator
jim rich and send paulette jordan to the
senate appreciate your work
stay well i thank you matt higgins
i would argue your lack of wanting
office makes you perfect for office
yeah that may be true but there's other
people that don't want it
so let's roll with them uh
thank you ellie you've made me less
scared
thank you uh thank you david
thank you for what you do oh your voice
is critical right now cheers
cheers to you
thank you luna lazul thank you my dog
thank you bad pirate monkey i actually i
love saying that screen name
i don't know why first mr rogers
if they come for cookie monster i'll
lose it
yeah the mr rogers thing man that hit me
in the soul that was a gut punch to be
honest
i'm like no that that's where i draw the
line
thank you alex hey but my girlfriend's
brother is a
hard trumper and takes on all the
propaganda how should i approach him
after trumpism
dies out i think there's going to be a
long period
in which we have to quite literally
deprogram people
and show them that a lot of the stuff
they believed
isn't true it is factually wrong not
not on the ideological aspects of it but
focus on the fact that there are
they are missing elements of fact
things that can't be argued and and move
that route with it i think that's going
to be easier than try to say hey
you're wrong because of this and try to
frame
hey you need to be a good person i think
it's easier
to say this is something he said that
you believed
this is objectively wrong and here are
the facts
do you think the fbi will be waiting
outside the white house
i don't know um i don't know that he has
i don't know that there there's going to
be federal charges waiting for him
i i think that may occur later
when you go on the road are you going to
be in atlanta at some point
atlanta is on our list right now we're
hitting places that we can do safely
in the middle of this giant mess um
please please answer question from fan
outside the usd
people of us phil like when corruption
is supported by power
do you know what your government did to
poor countries the people watching this
channel
know what our government does to other
countries um
as far as the u.s as a whole
i don't know i don't know that that's
something that everybody's aware of
most people in the u.s have an image of
the us
as people who go places to help
and they don't understand a lot of the
negative aspects that comes with
the help that the us brings
thank you rachel smith what is going on
in armenia and ezra john
um something that at this point i don't
see an end to anytime soon
um i think it's uh
i was hopeful in the beginning that this
would just be another flare-up that
lasted a week or two
it doesn't look like it's going to be
that way um that may turn into a
regional war um
that's and that's that's not good that's
gonna be bad
in a lot of ways uh thank you alex
hannah
i watched your video on guns still quite
unclear to me
isn't it more likely people with guns
will cause
intense violence not the government
historically speaking no
historically speaking their their
governments always cause more violence
um
now the difference is when it happens
and it's
an individual it's more dramatic and
people see it
and they don't give it a
they don't give the individual the
presumption of innocence when they do
something like that
whereas they often will with the
government so
it's not that line of reasoning
as far as which which causes more
violence
it's always always going to land on the
government side causing more
there are there are better arguments um
for limiting access to firearms
thank you sobek just wanted to say
you've inspired me to be less
huge my dogs are over there fighting uh
and more understanding
and logical and political discourse to
be more understanding
the urge to fight still boils beneath
though at times
yeah that's something that will uh
it's it's gonna happen i mean i sit
there and i try to remain calm
but it's easy for me to always appear
calm because i get to wait before i go
make a video
you know people talk about that and they
mention that at times but at the end of
the day
i get to take a break before i respond
when you're out and about and you see
somebody
doing something or acting in a way that
offends you you don't always have the
time to take a minute
um
carly r you should just repeat every
minute or so that you don't think texas
will turn blue since people keep asking
uh i i don't it's possible but i don't
see it as
incredibly likely thank you david wilbur
uh you said you won't run for office
because you can't run my life better
than me
while i may agree with you someone's
going to why not run on harm reduction
nice throw my own stuff back at me huh
i don't uh i don't i don't know that
that's
yeah i would probably be less harmful
than others but aside from that
uh you know politicians at times have
skeletons in their closet
i've got a graveyard i'm not sure that
uh
i'm not sure that i'm the candidate i
don't know that i'd vote for me
thank you charlene uh apparently some
mega people
are saying if biden wins they'll flee to
canada
yeah have fun with that yeah you're
right they're way more liberal up there
that's that's great do it make sure you
leave those 30 round mags at the border
uh thank you malinka
303 nice thanks so much for your channel
got me involved thank you thank you
gilbert gaines
how can mitch mcconnell be ahead in his
election
with 19 statewide approval rating
r the letter r people are very
tribalistic
and they will they'll vote for
an r i think if you if you want to get a
republican out
there you're going to need to run a
strong libertarian candidate at the same
time
as a very centrist democrat that's the
only way you're going to be able to do
it you've got to split their vote
and give some people something to cross
for
i live in west virginia your videos and
great tools
to kind of get to the demographic here
yeah yeah i i think that
that area tennessee kentucky west
virginia um
i think that i i've probably had
a more of an impact there than anywhere
else just because of
the way i look
is it illegal for trump or buying
campaign to bribe
electors to vote for them yeah that i
mean that doesn't mean they won't do it
but yeah it's illegal
uh let's see
thank you erica johnson thank you james
do you think a third or fourth actual
contending political party is what's
needed to change american politics do
you think a third party can win the
presidency i do not think a third party
can win
a presidency this time um and
yeah i would like to see more parties i
i would i mean i'd like to see no
parties to be honest
but i think it would be helpful
if if we can't have none and everybody
have to run on their own merits
it will uh
more would be better uh thank you cops
aren't the bad guys you're gonna get
some
you're gonna you're gonna get some
negative response to that screen name uh
this is unity
thank you go shank greetings from ohio
thank you sean brewer ava i live in a
small
california city that is pro-trump
that i call the kentucky of south
southern california
i'm actually worried about what some of
these people are going to do if trump
loses
yeah i mean yeah
[Music]
it's it is there are people that are
heavily emotionally vested
in this and armed and not rational and
that's a worry
um but i don't i'm hoping and i don't
think the violence
would be widespread uh thank you coco
do you think our little pathetic
governor you know and it's funny
you you put the name here you didn't
have to i know who you were talking
about
do i think desantis will try to steal
florida and did you notice the new law
allowing drivers to run over protesters
yeah um i think he might try
but i again i think that
i think a lot of establishment
republicans are seeing
how much risk they're exposing
themselves to
and while they don't care about the
country they do care about themselves
so i'm hoping that they will uh
they'll kind of reign some of this in
but again
you i don't i don't have a lot of faith
in these guys anymore
uh thank you gary english thank you
stepcat
if you were a cia operative planning
disinformation
first you will break our hard second
there must be an excellent cause
how do we get you on the good side
is it is this i think that this is
asking i've never worked for the cia
i think that's what's being asked here
um
i i even even when i was a consultant
contractor i never at least knowingly i
mean i guess i could have
without knowing it um worked for that
particular agency
uh thank you shane have you thought
about reaching out to joe rogan
i feel that your objective view on
politics would reach a lot of
people um i don't
i feel weird saying hey let me come on
your show
i don't normally do that if i was asked
i probably would
what do we do if trump effectively wins
the electoral college i see that as
highly unlikely
if the polls are even remotely accurate
biden will win the electoral college
unless something crazy happens between
today and uh and and voting time
as far as the polls go for the electoral
college
biden seems pretty secure but
a close race isn't going to be enough he
needs a landslide
so
okay
shave the beard at one million subs
unlikely
unlikely let's see
i think we need to resurrect george
carlin and elect him
i'd be okay with electing his corpse to
be honest but
uh red warden red warden gaming thank
you
curious as a mainer what do you think of
ranked choice voting i like it
um i like it i think it would allow
people to vote their conscience a little
bit more
and hopefully get some better
representation of what people want
thank you in rivera thank you dim
studios thoughts on azerbaijan i'm
debating doing a video on that
that's going to have to get into that
you have a whole lot
of history you have to cover and this is
one of those instances
where the history is incredibly
important
and i don't
any discussion that takes place without
it isn't going to be effective it's not
going to
it's not going to be helpful um
but it's it's something i'm thinking
about i'm hoping
that i can put it off let's be honest
i'm trying to put it off until after the
election
and hopefully by then it won't be a
thing anymore
um see thank you michael giza
didn't rank choice voting give british
nationals apart
see that's uh
okay when you do that you're dividing
the power base
so even if you were to in some area
pick pick an area you know um
get like literal fascists
elected that ended up somewhere in the
u.s government
nobody would align with them um
and they wouldn't be able to accomplish
anything they're just there
so i i don't that's not a huge worry for
me
i think it would be better to have more
options
and see the extreme views get defeated
or get marginal support then
it uh it is to just have them all lumped
together
and then have a major party that
actually has power
try to cater to that demographic
thank you his excellency appreciate you
and the form you provide for dialogue
and keeping both sides honest
plus plus thank you you think putin is
laying the groundwork for trump to
defect and escape justice if he loses
um for the low prices from state secrets
i mean i'm i am certain that putin would
do it i don't
i don't know that it would come to that
i don't
i think trump is actually too arrogant
to realize how much trouble he
he could theoretically be in um
how do i deprogram my husband
watch this channel near him i'm gonna
run stuff after the election
that that is specifically geared
towards that demographic of people
um so just so you guys are aware that's
gonna happen so there's gonna be some
videos
that come out if you're not used to the
flipped hat ones
there's going to be quite a few coming
out right after the election or right
after the inauguration
that are specifically tailored to
helping people come back
to some semblance of normal
thank you robert f jobin
i just had a long time conservative
uncle come out and support a biden
good i've been patiently explaining why
that's okay in the comments
thank you karen do you think trump plans
to leave the country
to one without extradition in order to
evade arrest for financial crimes
i don't think so because he loses assets
and i think he's arrogant enough to
think he'll beat it
um thank you peter bills what's your
opinion
of the world health organization saying
there are 750 million recovered cases
1 million dead resulting in a zero
comparable to the flu um i haven't seen
that
so i can't really comment on it
um i
i would also point out though and that's
one of the things that we focus on
is is the mortality rate but there are a
lot of
lingering permanent side effects and
damage that comes from this
so it's not like the flu there's never
going to be a comparison
that makes it like the flu because it's
not um
you've got neurological damage you have
lung damage you have a bunch of stuff
so i'm i'm always going to be reluctant
to compare it to the flu
the team davey thank you i recommend you
to everyone i can
what do you think of the voter turnout
i'm excited about the voter turnout
and yeah recommend it i like it
um you know
last night let me kind of pause for a
second
there's a domestic violence shelter in
wisconsin that had some issues after
they took a very
good stand and
last night they lost funding from
accounting and all of this other stuff
and i was looking trying to figure out
how we could help how this channel could
help
and i don't know if y'all know this but
i actually don't really pay much
attention to a lot of the finances
um but basically
i was informed last night that if we
wanted to we could actually make up
um a lot of
their lost funding for the year
through this type of stuff um and it
kind of made me realize
what a powerful tool
for for immediate change this can be
and it seems like i should know that
because we got all the supplies for the
hospitals but
everything was happening so quickly it
didn't i didn't take the time to think
about it
you know i was busy um but it dawned on
me last night
that i mean the reach of this channel
has suddenly become more important to me
because i realize that we can affect
change in situations like that you know
where an organization does something
right and gets
punished by the establishment for it we
can help out
um and the cool part about it is
somebody else thought the same thing
because by the time i had actually
figured everything out and how we were
going to do it and i was getting ready
to make contact
i looked and they already had two years
of funding like supplied to them
which again restored my faith in
humanity
but the name of that place is embrace if
you're looking for a place to drop a few
bucks
it's called embracing it's a domestic
violence shelter in uh
in wisconsin
the the point of all that was yeah
please recommend the channel
all of a sudden after last night i care
i care about subscribers than i used to
let's see lunaminar what do you
think about republicans like new
hampshire chair jennifer horn speaking
out against trump
and their fellow politicians will we see
more of that i think we will
but i don't think it's going to matter i
think it's too late in the game
thank you my dog thank you jorgen
curious about your mini beatles t-shirts
are you a fan of the band um
or do i always miss the relevance i am a
fan
they have a sometimes when i'm wearing a
shirt for a band
it's specific to one of their songs so
uh a lot of times it'd be come together
or imagine
is the reference that's being made with
the shirt um
let's see thank you big dre
thank you new york for life 12.
how do you feel about andrew cuomo up
here trumpers hate him but i think
he's a good governor i got desantis down
here
like literally anybody's a good governor
in comparison we have the worst
governor in in the country right now um
he's he's just awful so
asking me about any any other governor
at the moment i'm like they're fantastic
they're amazing
they may not be but um
i at least believe that making an effort
which is nice in comparison you know
um the grand tambourine
curious is your occasional use of vague
language to get around youtube
sensors or to encourage it
or to encourage viewers to come to their
own conclusion
um
also it's petty but the a
i mispronounced nevada
sometimes i use a vague language because
it's it's more about
the constant use of charged language
makes those words mean nothing
so i will use more subtle language
because at the end of the day it
actually ends up
eliciting more of a reaction because
people notice
you know if if i say you know trump
killed
210 000 people they've heard that over
and over again
if i say vaguely and say there were two
hundred thousand bags that got filled
there's a mental image that comes along
with that um
and i think it's more effective at times
and sometimes i will use
terms simply to avoid
using a charged term that's going to
elicit a reaction
and make people shut down
but yeah that is definitely intentional
and just
so you know i i talk that way enroll
like in real life too like in everyday
conversation i try to avoid emotionally
charged language as much as i can
thank you alan kennedy have you read the
deficit myth i have
not do you think deficit and debt
nonsense will have less power in the
future i do
i think that we haven't been on
we haven't been on a standard in a very
long time and i think people are
starting to realize
that the way they have viewed currency
is not necessarily
the best way to view it the problem with
a lot of those theories is that people
have to understand them for it to
actually apply that way
because you can end up undermining the
currency's value because it's all about
perception
thank you dem studios
what can we learn from the crimea
conflict man everybody also wants to
talk about these wars
um i would suggest a key thing
there is to be
to be leery of revolutionary movements
that aren't revolutionary um i i that's
that's a takeaway that i would have
but uh thank you gus ward
would you be interested if some of us
sent you
some shirt designs for your merch yeah
yeah that's cool um
thank you danny valdez valadez
thank you koski co
thank you shanzi
thank you brian thompson what can an
incoming potus do
during the lame duck months the
transition
set things up to fix the stuff that gets
messed up
they they don't really have any power
and and some of the stuff that you would
want them to do is actually prohibited
they they can't so
see thank you malinka do you think
more moderate candidates political
agendas would help
the political situation move forward
hopefully closer to the left
um i think you need both uh this is one
of those opinions i have that
gets me flak from everybody but you need
a group of people that will not
compromise that are pushing for
actual revolution full scale we're we're
we are going to build this utopian we're
going to do it tomorrow
you need those people out there to keep
the ideas alive to give
the the ones who are willing to take an
incremental
approach to give them a goal to get to
um so i think i think both are actually
really important
um i know that
people want a uh
a pattern to follow the thing is
diversity of tax tactics is what wins
always always we can't
we can't lock ourselves into one thing
i see i see everybody a lot of people
posting their units
i mean i'm way back i'm like 15 minutes
behind in the chat
but i don't know can we see the dogs
sometimes thank you josh miller
i have some videos in which they're in
it
um at least baroness is in one or two of
them
do you have rambo tunnels no no
ah okay
thank you grooms
do you know what's going on in nigeria
and the antarctic okay
this is a this is actually something
kind of cool and this is something worth
looking into if
you're in the u.s there is and i may get
some of these details wrong
because i've been i'm vaguely aware of
some of the organizations involved
and i've just been kind of catching bits
and pieces of what's going on
they're having a a movement against
particular organizations that are i
don't even want to call them law
enforcement
state security let's say and they
they're they appear to be having a lot
of impact
and a lot of effectiveness and one of
the things that
is being pushed over there is a general
strike speaking of those really extreme
ideas um
but it's definitely there's a hashtag if
you're on twitter look into it
there's some there's some cool stuff
going on over there that people could
probably learn a little bit from
uh thank you ellie where can i live that
is a bit more rural
honestly i just want goats
but still own my uterus also interracial
couple
um north florida
is is pretty good as far as if you want
to get rural
and still have some socially progressive
policies although you wouldn't know that
with what's going on in florida right
now um
florida's probably going to be one of
your best bets however
understand that
[Music]
i don't know 80 percent of the
population has a god uh so if you're
incredibly anti-gun not the place for
you
um but
yeah those rural areas
tend to be more restrictive when it
comes to stuff like that which doesn't
make any sense at all
because most rural people have the
philosophy of what's on your side of the
fence
is is is up to you um
but when it comes to people specifically
women
they seem to exercise or want to
exercise a lot more control
thank you sick square bo what do you
think a policy of detrompification looks
like
anybody who suggested a policy decision
not necessarily those who
were just following orders can't believe
we're saying this in the u.s
but if they actively participated in the
decision-making process
they're gone and they can't come back
they have to leave
um again that's something
it's something that we as the people are
gonna have to do we're gonna have to
make sure that these people
can't get confirmed we're gonna have to
make sure that these people have to
leave
office because they're not re-elected i
don't think we're going to see a
national policy about this
okay
what's bothering me today
um do you think
the violence will resemble at least
years of lead
i hope not when i say sporadic i mean
sporadic and short-lived um would be my
hope
uh that i would hope it would not be
comparable um
thank you go raspberry you need to be
teaching civics nationwide
working on it like i said we have the
the new channel coming up
it's going to have longer format content
and we are going to have uh
some civic stuff in it that that is
going to be a little bit more
hopefully just as digestible
without being
without being so topical so that we're
still going to have a little bit of a uh
we're still going to have a little bit
of um
hang on one second
sorry i've just handed a note a note
from the boss here
um the point is we're gonna have a
second channel coming soon that will
have civic lessons on it that
hopefully be digestible but they won't
be so topical so they can
still be used at any point in time the
content will stay green
because a lot of times when i weave them
into a video it's about something that
a news event that occurred so people
don't go back and look at it again
and just so you know uh as as i
mentioned earlier
it's ladies night here at the house and
uh i i've been informed
i almost want to read this whole thing
that i've got
just a little bit of time left before i
need to go
okay dem studios thank you i live in
syracuse
base of the green party and howie
hawkins knowing my political landscape
it seems more helpful
to build at a local level yeah i think
that it's always more helpful to build
on a local level
um i honestly look at national
national politics right now as your it's
a holding action
until we can get people there that are
really on our side
um i don't i don't expect a lot
from those at the federal i expect them
to not make it worse
that's really all i'm looking for at
this point i mean
but
thank you connor c thank you greg vetter
but do you ever feel that you're
preaching to the choir
no and i'll tell you why here in a
second uh seems to me that the
people who need to hear them your
message
the most never will see that's something
that comes up a lot but to be honest i
get enough hate mail
to know that i'm reaching people that um
that aren't uh that aren't totally
receptive
to what i'm saying um so i do think that
i'm i'm
i'm swaying people at times
um yeah thank you tracy king
do you think desantis can be defeated in
his next election will florida hold him
accountable
yeah oh yeah
he's got the teachers against him he's
got he's got
the the the farmers against him he i i
don't think he's got another term in him
um even here super red area
he's referred to as that idiot in
tallahassee
i mean i i don't think he's gonna make
it
um like people you don't even have to
say his name
people just know who you're talking
about
uh thank you toby my husband and i voted
in dallas texas on wednesday waited in
line for over an
hour i am hoping with travis county
having
97 voter registration and i think the
message cut off
um
i'm i'm gonna say that you're you're
you're you're hoping for
a positive outcome due to the voter
turnout and i would agree that's
incredibly possible i think that's
what's happening i hope it is
thank you vienna day what do you think
about a cobb house natural building
community network to come
combat evictions you'd need the land i
think it's a cool idea but you need the
land
um you can probably find somebody
willing to do that though to be honest
that may not be as hard as it sounds
initially
stick thank you what damage can trump
having lost due between november and
january a lot
a lot um i'm i'm kind of worried about
the lame duck season but at the same
time i'm hoping that
republicans will try to keep him in
check and i don't know why
uh dem studios thank you go on the david
pakman
or kolinsky show please
why do people still think trump is a
patriot when he's trigger i have no idea
i don't know how anybody can look at
that man and think patriotism
i i don't uh
it's actually mind boggling to me thank
you billy the cat
night watcher's pet yeah armed and
irrational factor is a massive concern
here
yeah it should be um
robert f jobin thank you what are your
thoughts
of reply plus block to debunk people on
public facebook pages
yeah i've seen that described as a
tactic it seems to work
um they they continue to get mad
um and post stuff afterwards but i've
watched people use it
it seems effective um
thank you hl hlgp
did i just skip over a whole bunch did i
miss something here
seems like i did
i had it jump okay so hang on
uh
left-wing vets on twitter doing an
all-day election stream and looking
for lefty guests i think he'd be great
on their show i actually plan on doing a
live stream on election day like the
whole day
um okay so
we we've had a technical issue here and
i may have missed a whole bunch of
questions
if it's true does gina has the gina
is there a rumor that bloody gina
resigned uh gina haspel for those who
don't know
is is somebody in the cia um
does it change my mind no i still won't
work for him
no um
would you ever run for any elected
position or office probably not
um yeah i'm certain that i'm going to
miss something do i think a
general strike is actually viable i do
under the right circumstances and i
think we're near them
uh
what languages do i speak i'm passable
in a whole bunch
um i'm i haven't used them lately so
i would say spanish and russian is what
i would stick to is saying i can speak
those
um and i would learn it if you're
looking to learn languages you're gonna
have to find something that works for
you
for me it's literally children's books
this is what works best for me
and there's a computer program called
duolingo that uses like the little
cartoons
not a paid endorsement just think
they're cool
i'm trying to start a community network
and can fund find resources
both material and intellectual but won't
be able to physically participate 60
hours a week
how do i go about starting that in rural
kentucky
ah that's going to be hard you're going
to have to find the people who don't
have the resources but have the time
and that's going to take time which to
sound like something you don't have
that's you're going to use social media
on that one and find people who are
willing to help if you supply the
resources
um how do we get mainstream politics
away from sound bites and closer to
elevating the public conversation you
got to stop watching the sound bites
you have to stop watching um the
sensationalized news and until that
happens on a national level
that's what it's going to be
i'm disabled and just wanted to thank
you i found you
near the beginning of a couple a couple
years ago and
having someone say what i'm too
weak to by the time i write events are
too old i post you daily
thank you
okay i my favorite source for quick
notes versions of current events thank
you
thank you um
you know every time i do a live stream
somebody asked me about him
yeah i he uses tactics that i wouldn't
use but
i i know for a fact that he's pulled
people out of the alt-right pipeline so
even though they're not tactics i would
recommend or i would use
he uses them and is effective with them
i don't have a problem with it
like if it works you can't criticize it
it doesn't matter if it's not with you
it's not your preferred method
um so and i've watched a few of his
streams
he has way more patience than i ever
could to deal with some of the people
that he talks to
okay
i think i'm caught back up if i missed
anybody i'm sorry i had a little
technical thing here on my phone which
is what everything comes in on
um so i'm gonna try to swing back
through one more time
but then i'm gonna have to get out of
here
the way you talk is exactly why i love
to listen to you thank you
what can should we do when trump starts
suing states to stop the vote count and
steal the election
i'm hoping that won't happen i mean
there's a lot of stuff that
once it hits that level it's gonna be up
to sadly we're at the mercy of the will
of the democratic party
um and that is terrifying
on some level thank you benny rex
if you're not gonna run for office
you're
the right person to scout locate and
guide those who should
that i do do that that i've tried to do
before
um is there anyone you recommend on
youtube who talks about uk
and eu politics catherine and mexi
um i would look for them i think that if
you i think you guys can see my
subscriptions i'm subscribed to both of
them
uh cermany crisco thank you
jorgen thank you it's okay if you can't
answer it's okay what happened to
uh all of those are gone eventually
they're going to come back though
but it's all of those videos are
currently on hiatus because that channel
was going to be turned into
one project and now it's been turned
into something else but eventually a lot
of that's going to come back
or it may be repackaged as one giant
video
thank you david bean what's your
favorite
food related youtuber i don't know that
i have one
um yeah i'm not sure
i i have one
thank you emin colleen
thank you for your insight will you do a
series on the constitution i love the
way you teach yes where one of the long
format things that we're gonna do on the
second channel
is literally the entire constitution
article by article
like we're going to go through the whole
thing because there's some of it
some of the stuff i've seen lately has
been offensive to my heart and soul
just thank you from texas there are more
of us voting biden than they expect
you know it's possible like i mean i i
would just be amazed i have more hope
for georgia
but if texas flips that i'm not going to
complain
let's see if the violence isn't sporadic
and the country breaks up any thoughts
on what happens to uh
foreign countries will secure them
that's that's the thing people are
talking about oh we're going to reclaim
you know and all of this stuff we're
going to restore the country that's not
what happens
that is not what's going to happen you
will have foreign troops on the ground
almost immediately we are a nuclear
power
it's not they're not going to let it be
unstable
like there there's no way that
like if china became destabilized the us
would be
forced to move in because of that
nuclear arsenal
and it's the same way the other way you
can't see
your subscriptions can you feature the
channels you follow and agree with so we
can find them
um i'll feature the channels i watch i
don't necessarily agree
with everything that's said on every
channel i don't want to co-sign
somebody's work completely although i
can't say that i've seen anything that
mexi
or catherine has put out that i don't
agree with other than i'm i'm not a
vegan
but that's really just a self-discipline
issue on my
on my part
i'm from just outside charlottesville
virginia and republicans keep talking
about a congresswoman
in her time at terror high i have no
idea what that means
uh honestly they've made so much stuff
up
at this point i can't keep up with it
i'll look into it and if i can find
something i'll do a video on it
as a blacksmith i'm offended by your
hoodie yeah there there's an
analogy here at some point
you have 37 out 37 000 watching and only
700 thumbs up got to get the thumbs up
it helps the channel
i did not know that thank you cherry
path
uh cindy lee thank you subscribed about
a month ago
well welcome aboard
okay miranda byrne thank you
okay i think that's it nope
environmental coffee house is back
i know you're gonna be busy so i will
wait till after election day
to have you on our yes please i'm trying
to get stuff lined up to
to to go on uh
would you like to talk to riley grace i
don't talk to anybody
um to go on other podcast i've been
trying to squeeze them in where i can
but i'm trying my best
all right so let me hit the last couple
ones and then i
i gotta get out of here um what are your
thoughts on jimmy dore and kyle kalinski
i don't watch enough
to have a hard opinion those are two
people i'm asked about a lot that i
don't know enough about
to be completely honest
do you think it is bad for trump as it
feels
or we you think it is bad for trump as
it feels
or are we blindly hopeful every day he
seems more off the rails i i
watching other republicans i think they
know they're in trouble
thank you loki rage thank you wendell
dorsey
if trump did try to somehow refuse to
cede power in office
how would could he do it he'd have to
exploit the electors
um that would be the way to do it or he
i mean he could just try to stop
um and not and not leave but there are
continuity government plans for a lot of
this stuff
and they are outside of his realm like
he probably doesn't even know they exist
uh thank you nancy bo additional
donation in repeat
what network
[Music]
what network like feeding america lists
local events
and items to donate
what network like feeding america lists
local events and items to donate
i will look into it and see what i can
dig up uh thank you anasazi
i just want to say thank you for being a
big ally of my people i try
uh david wilburn
can't see okay so looks like that's it
okay guys so uh any documents better
than the constitution
uh we're gonna hit other documents as
well i think the doc
the constitution provides a really good
framework i mean no document's gonna be
perfect
but it's definitely in the top five uh
your videos are wonderful for people who
are on the fence
between logic reason conspiracy thank
you
thank you deb lee please check out demi
jimmy dore or on the carlson show
look so red axo blue thank you
ah aqua funk aquatics
what are your thoughts on oh
i have a video on that um
yeah you need to watch that video
because it's
i i am uh i do not like fascism
the problem is a lot of the stuff that
gets linked to that
group isn't them a lot of there's a lot
of nuance to this conversation i have a
video on it where i'm talking about kids
with
purple hair and stuff it's worth
watching
um a lot of people have a very uh have a
lot of misconceptions
about that group and it's not a group
it's an ideology
of people who yeah you've got kids on
the street wearing all black clothes and
you have a bunch of people who look like
me
um so
so i would i would i would look for that
video i'm sure it actually has the word
fascism
in the name
okay so that's it um
quick news at the end here here at the
end we have the second channel coming
it is like actually being produced now
it's on its way
we're going to release the trailer first
and by the time the trailer goes out
we'll already have
two full-length things made
and they will be coming pretty regularly
after that and that is
patreon sponsors y'all did that y'all
y'all made that possible because it
without you guys getting the people who
could put it together getting everything
that was needed
wouldn't be possible um anyway
thanks for hanging out with me today uh
and i will uh
i will see y'all later it's just a
thought y'all have a good night